Hello and welcome to here
your ipad ev yes today i will be you
the wise ps4 I imagine have a
problem with my black ps4 with the
controller
there was the 1 button he went like bad
in and out and patients jammed
or ask Amazon what's going on
is whether I get new or lech and
there comes only a good offer but
he still had a guarantee on it and
that's why I have the whole psp
It whispers money back
and I'm thinking of that
I order four each because the
yes the few things the better
are for example wireless module or
bluetooth module this better as well
should also with the white controller the
problems be gone
also loud amazon rating I have
nothing bad about it now
read and well paper out times
the ps4 of the wii console times the
secondary school looks good or here
again this protection parts
looks good in my opinion better
as the black controllers here in the
park browser instruction power cable sb
charging cable from the controller the super duper
ps4 headset and a HDMI cable contacts
knotted and yes main thing
graz ots 42
very nice from the beginning with the
usb ports side only the fan blades
and yes the normal connections camera
connecting his charlie and visually like
optical signal would have time so lay
special topic and yes there too
choose
I have a 2 terabyte hard disk
and yes that 's so he does not get me off
can use my old ps4
I have to format again because
the ps4 memory on the hard disk
every hard drive so every ps4 has in
different code on the
hard disk is stored and therefore
can switch off my the save of
do not use my old ps4 in it
which must be a medical formulated leg
and has to re-download everything by one
quite reinstall yes exactly
It is also important if you are from
14 to new pc changes you have to
account on zack and replace otherwise gives
It's not a problem if you do not
There is still power to do that
disable everything about the pc again
yes if you need help just the
then comments usually write
small tutorial or so so if the
I can do that with pleasure
do
and yes, good
At that time, here is the again
controller
I hope you liked it
maybe a video too
my new headset was siberia v3
see
that's it for now again
So I have you the video has you
fallen and yes we will not
to forget
Until next time
prostor tv